I'm here today to talk to you about
browning ground beef and we are going to
start by putting some we've already got
her up and on and we're gonna start by
adding some ground beef to our pans
we've got it down two pounds of ground
beef and what we're gonna do is we're
just gonna Brown this and what you first
need to do is just kind of chop it up
and as you can tell the color is still
real pink so what we're trying to do is
to to get this all to turn brown brown
brown and ground beef you can brown it
and put it in the freezer or go right
into cooking your dish that you can also
put it in the refrigerator and keep it
there about three days no longer than
three days but you never want to once
from beef has been frozen you never want
to put it back in the freezer but you
can Brown it and this put it back in the
freezer cooking about buying ground beef
you can you don't always have to buy the
leanest meat I think this is probably
the 7090 meaning that 70% it's not that
and but you can there's certain methods
that you can do to keep it where it's
less fattening by varela and explicit
cuts so we're going to show you that in
just a few minutes if we get this brown
as you can tell I just kind of keep
stirring it now you can also if you've
got other things that you're doing you
can leave this meat to cook for a little
while and cover it
it'll cook a little bit faster I'm just
gonna get this kind of startup you can
also add different of herbs and spices
and seasonings to it to create different
dishes you can now hear it it's starting
to sizzle so it'll be finished since
it's like
like I said this is about a pound you
don't always have to use it ham you can
always pick it up and and then divide it
out
and then when you get ready to just fix
a nail with it all you have to do is
pick it out of the freezer and thaw it
out and it's ready to go through this
watch easier do it ahead of time as you
can tell it sounds certain to really
brown we're getting a lot of the paint
out of it whatever works for you for
everybody and it's finished when all the
paint is gone that's how you can tell
when you'll need it finished
and the more meat we have probably the
bigger pan you would need a pail miss
this pan works well
[Music]
but you never want to leave your meat
out like I said you want to put it in
the refrigerator don't keep it sitting
out very long because we don't want the
bacteria to start growing and of course
that happens and you're preparing a meal
you can make you can make people sick
feeding them on the saw the pinkest is
out of there we've still got a few more
spots and you can tell there's a lot of
grease at the bottom of this pan so
we're gonna have just a second we're
gonna show you how to get all that
grease out of there and we know that you
don't want to put the grease just down
in your sink
it's just about out of there
no ideas keep stirring I like my meat to
be very chopped up so that's why I keep
using the spare to keep chopping as I go
but if you want it to be more of your
chunks you would just not at chop it up
as much
well let this sit just for a second we
can tell it on this all around the
pillars but if you're gonna put some
kind of seasoning pack in there to
marinate you know you could still want
to let it just sit you could watch it at
this point but I do like to bring all
that grease off of there so I'm going to
show you get my other hand I'll tell you
I like to use a colander and this is the
best thing to drain your meat but what I
like to do is I like to put a piece of
paper towel or something under
underneath my plate to catch all that
grease because it makes that easier to
clean up so do you know my Mane is
really go in but it's finished what I'm
gonna do is I'm just going to drain it
in our pan and give it a little shake
and you can tell there's quite a bit of
grease under here for this one so and
then what I like to do is I like to take
a rag or a paper towel and I like to
blot the meat and that way you have to
be careful because it is still pretty
caught but that way you really get some
extra grease out of there you know and
that's that's one way to make the meat a
little bit leaner so you can drain you
can blot it with your paper towel and
then you can also when you finish doing
that if you want to run a little bit of
water over this pan and get more grease
out let's see you can already tell
there's a lot of grease already that has
come out of that meat so there you go
with browning ground beef thank you